c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\bin\Debug\ComputerToArduino.exe
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\bin\Debug\ComputerToArduino.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.Form1.resources
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.exe
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.pdb
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\bin\Debug\ComputerToArduino.exe.manifest
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\bin\Debug\ComputerToArduino.application
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.exe.manifest
c:\users\nick\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.application
C:\Users\Nick\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nick\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\bin\Debug\ComputerToArduino.exe.manifest
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\bin\Debug\ComputerToArduino.application
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\bin\Debug\ComputerToArduino.exe
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\bin\Debug\ComputerToArduino.pdb
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.Form1.resources
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.exe.manifest
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.application
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.exe
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.pdb
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\bin\Debug\ComputerToArduino.exe.manifest
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\bin\Debug\ComputerToArduino.application
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\bin\Debug\ComputerToArduino.exe
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\bin\Debug\ComputerToArduino.pdb
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.Form1.resources
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.exe.manifest
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.application
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.exe
C:\Users\ovayo\Desktop\security managment project\ComputerToArduino\ComputerToArduino\obj\Debug\ComputerToArduino.pdb
